Create rule S6669: Logger field names should comply with a naming convention (#2533)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6669/why-dotnet.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

Sharing some naming conventions is a key point to make it possible for a team to efficiently collaborate. 

> This rule checks that the logger field or property names match a provided regular expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule checks that the logger field or property name matches a provided regular expression.
```

The default regex will consider compliant the followings:

* `logger`
* `_logger`
* `Logger`
* `_Logger`
* `log`
* `_log`

The rule supports the most popular logging frameworks: 

> * https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging[Microsoft.Extensions.Logging]

Reviewer 2: I will edit this part according to the conclusion we reach on [slack](https://sonarsource.slack.com/archives/C05GE3Q6V7H/p1689770807083179). 👍

> * https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging[Microsoft.Extensions.Logging]

Reviewer: Use the format as described in https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/blob/master/docs/link_formatting.adoc
